{\rtf1\ansi\uc1\deff0\deflang1024
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Zapf Chancery;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 STIXGeneral;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red239\green219\blue197;
\red205\green149\blue117;
\red253\green217\blue181;
\red120\green219\blue226;
\red135\green169\blue107;
\red255\green164\blue116;
\red250\green231\blue181;
\red159\green129\blue112;
\red253\green124\blue110;
\red35\green35\blue35;
\red31\green117\blue254;
\red173\green173\blue214;
\red25\green158\blue189;
\red115\green102\blue189;
\red222\green93\blue131;
\red203\green65\blue84;
\red180\green103\blue77;
\red255\green127\blue73;
\red234\green126\blue93;
\red176\green183\blue198;
\red255\green255\blue153;
\red28\green211\blue162;
\red255\green170\blue204;
\red221\green68\blue146;
\red29\green172\blue214;
\red188\green93\blue88;
\red221\green148\blue117;
\red154\green206\blue235;
\red255\green188\blue217;
\red253\green219\blue109;
\red43\green108\blue196;
\red239\green205\blue184;
\red110\green81\blue96;
\red29\green249\blue20;
\red113\green188\blue120;
\red109\green174\blue129;
\red195\green100\blue197;
\red204\green102\blue102;
\red231\green198\blue151;
\red252\green217\blue117;
\red168\green228\blue160;
\red149\green145\blue140;
\red28\green172\blue120;
\red240\green232\blue145;
\red255\green29\blue206;
\red178\green236\blue93;
\red93\green118\blue203;
\red202\green55\blue103;
\red59\green176\blue143;
\red253\green252\blue116;
\red252\green180\blue213;
\red255\green189\blue136;
\red246\green100\blue175;
\red205\green74\blue74;
\red151\green154\blue170;
\red255\green130\blue67;
\red200\green56\blue90;
\red239\green152\blue170;
\red253\green188\blue180;
\red26\green72\blue118;
\red48\green186\blue143;
\red25\green116\blue210;
\red255\green163\blue67;
\red186\green184\blue108;
\red255\green117\blue56;
\red230\green168\blue215;
\red65\green74\blue76;
\red255\green110\blue74;
\red28\green169\blue201;
\red255\green207\blue171;
\red197\green208\blue230;
\red253\green215\blue228;
\red21\green128\blue120;
\red252\green116\blue253;
\red247\green128\blue161;
\red142\green69\blue133;
\red116\green66\blue200;
\red157\green129\blue186;
\red255\green29\blue206;
\red255\green73\blue108;
\red214\green138\blue89;
\red255\green72\blue208;
\red227\green37\blue107;
\red238\green32\blue77;
\red255\green83\blue73;
\red192\green68\blue143;
\red31\green206\blue203;
\red120\green81\blue169;
\red255\green155\blue170;
\red252\green40\blue71;
\red118\green255\blue122;
\red159\green226\blue191;
\red165\green105\blue79;
\red138\green121\blue93;
\red69\green206\blue162;
\red251\green126\blue253;
\red205\green197\blue194;
\red128\green218\blue235;
\red236\green234\blue190;
\red255\green207\blue72;
\red253\green94\blue83;
\red250\green167\blue108;
\red252\green137\blue172;
\red219\green215\blue210;
\red23\green128\blue109;
\red222\green170\blue136;
\red119\green221\blue231;
\red253\green252\blue116;
\red146\green110\blue174;
\red247\green83\blue148;
\red255\green160\blue137;
\red143\green80\blue157;
\red237\green237\blue237;
\red162\green173\blue208;
\red255\green67\blue164;
\red252\green108\blue133;
\red205\green164\blue222;
\red252\green232\blue131;
\red197\green227\blue132;
\red255\green182\blue83;
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
{\cs10 \additive\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s1\qc\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 Part;}
{\s2\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs40 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s5\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s6\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s7\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs24 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s8\qr\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext8 rightpar;}
{\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext9 centerpar;}
{\s10\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext10 leftpar;}
{\s11\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equation;}
{\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationNum;}
{\s13\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlign;}
{\s14\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationAlignNum;}
{\s15\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArray;}
{\s16\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 equationArrayNum;}
{\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 theorem;}
{\s18\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 bitmapCenter;}
{\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\b\f0\fs36 \sbasedon0\snext21 Title;}
{\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 author;}
{\s22\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 footer;}
{\s23\ql\tqc\tx4536\tqr\tx9072\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext23 header;}
{\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 caption;}
{\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Figure;}
{\s32\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext32 Table;}
{\s33\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext33 Tabular;}
{\s34\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 Tabbing;}
{\s35\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext35 Quote;}
{\s38\ql\widctlpar\f3\fs20 \snext38 verbatim;}
{\s46\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext46 List;}
{\s47\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext47 List 1;}
{\s50\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 latex picture;}
{\s51\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0 \sbasedon0\snext0 subfigure;}
{\s61\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibheading;}
{\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext62 bibitem;}
{\s64\ql\fi-283\li283\lin283\sb0\sa120\widctlpar\tql\tx283\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext64 endnotes;}
{\s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext65 footnote text;}
{\s66\qj\fi-170\li454\lin454\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext66 endnote text;}
{\cs62\super \additive\sbasedon10 footnote reference;}
{\cs63\super \additive\sbasedon10 endnote reference;}
{\s67\ql\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext67 acronym;}
{\s70\qc\sa120\b\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext71 abstract title;}
{\s71\qj\li1024\ri1024\fi340\widctlpar\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 abstract;}
{\s80\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 contents_heading;}
{\s81\ql\li425\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb240\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20\b \sbasedon0\snext82 toc 1;}
{\s82\ql\li512\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext83 toc 2;}
{\s83\ql\li1024\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext84 toc 3;}
{\s84\ql\li1536\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext85 toc 4;}
{\s85\ql\li2048\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 5;}
{\s86\ql\li2560\tqr\tldot\tx8222\sb60\sa60\keepn\f0\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext86 toc 6;}
}
{\info
{\title Original file was EnergyEfficientConstraints_v3.0.tex}
{\doccomm Created using latex2rtf 2.3.1 r1217 (released Oct 04 2012) on Tue Jul 08 22:17:52 2014
}
}
{\footer\pard\plain\f0\fs20\qc\chpgn\par}
\paperw12280\paperh15900\margl2680\margr2700\margt2540\margb1760\pgnstart0\widowctrl\qj\ftnbj\f0\aftnnar
{\pard\plain\s20\qc\sb240\sa240\b\f0\fs36\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Coordinated Multicell Precoding for Weighted Sum Rate Maximization with Per-Cell EE Constraints\par
\pard\plain\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 {Shiwen\~He{1}{2}, Yongming\~Huang{1}, Jiaheng Wang{1}, Haiming\~Wang{1}{2}, Shi\~Jin{1}, and Luxi\~Yang{1}} {{1}School of Information Science and Engineering, Southeast University, Nanjing 210096, China.\par
\pard\plain\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 {2}The State Key Laboratory of Millimeter Waves, Department of Radio Engineering, Southeast University.\par
\pard\plain\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 Email: \{hesw01, huangym, jhwang, hmwang, jinshi, lxyang\}@seu.edu.cn} \par
\pard\plain\s21\qc\sa120\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \chdate \par
{\pard\plain\s70\qc\sa120\b\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 Abstract\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li1024\ri1024\fi300  Spectral efficiency (SE) and energy efficiency (EE) are both essential in future wireless communications. To improve the system performance on these two metrics, in this paper we consider the weighted sum rate maximization (WSRMax) problem subject to per-cell EE constraints and per-BS transmit power constraints in multicell multiuser downlink systems. This problem is difficult in its original form due to the introduction of new EE constraints. We first reveal that the original problem can be transformed into an equivalent parameterized polynomial form by introducing some auxiliary variables. By exploiting the concavity property with respect to each variable in the equivalent problem, an efficient block coordinate ascent algorithm is then proposed with guaranteed convergence property. Numerical results show that compared with the conventional WSRMax algorithm, in addition to fulfilling the EE requirement of each cell, our algorithm achieves a better system EE performance at the cost of a slight sum rate performance loss at a certain region and offers a new insight on the SE-EE tradeoff in wireless communication systems.\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{IEEEkeywords\} ... \\end\{IEEEkeywords\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 \i0\b0\scaps {1}. Introduction\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \scaps In order to satisfy the demands of ever increasing data rates, better quality of service (QoS) and enhanced coverage in future cellular communication systems, multiple input multiple output (MIMO) and coordinated multiple point (CoMP) technologies have been extensively studied in both the academia and industry in the past few years\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_MagRusek2013 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}}
]. On the one hand, the weighted sum rate maximization (WSRMax) problem is a critical performance metric for transmission method designs subject to transmit power constraints\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TWCChristensen2008 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}-{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TSPWeerad2013 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{4}}}
]. In\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TWCChristensen2008 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TSPShi2011 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}}
], the WSRMax problem has been investigated for MIMO channels by transforming the original problem to an equivalent weighted sum mean square error minimization (WMMSE) problem with some specially chosen weight matrices. The sequential convex approximation method was used to study the WSRMax problem for multicell multiple input single output (MISO) downlink system in\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TSPWeerad2013 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{4}}}
]. Note that these above works only aims to maximize the spectral efficiency (SE) without considerig the energy efficiency (EE) constraints.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \scaps On the other hand, the growth of wireless traffic has also been companied by a rapid increase in the energy consumption. As a result, a tremendous number of green technologies/methods have been proposed in the literature for maximizing the EE of wireless communication systems\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_SurverFeng2013 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}}-{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TCOMHe2013 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{11}}}
]. In\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TWCNg2012 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{6}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TWCNg2013 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{7}}}
], an energy efficient resource allocation algorithm was developed in an orthogonal frequency division multiple access (OFDMA) downlink network with fixed beamforming transmission or hybrid energy harvesting at base stations (BSs). Also, a water-filling based energy-efficient power allocation algorithm was proposed for a point-to-point single-input single-output {{\i N}} subcarrier OFDM system\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_ICCPrabu2010 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{8}}}
]. In\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_PIMRCLi2013 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{9}}}
], the authors proposed a method to maximize the system EE with individual user rate constraints. C. Xiong {\i0\b0\scaps0 et al} have studied energy efficient design problem for downlink OFDMA with delay-sensitive traffic\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TWCXiong2013 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{10}}}
]. However, they did not take the per-BS power constraints or the joint optimization of the transmit beamformers and power allocation into account.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \scaps Note that the above works mainly focus on the objective of maximizing either the SE or the EE. However, these two metrics are both essential in the future wireless communication systems. In\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TCOMHe2013 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{11}}}
], the system EE maximization problem with per-BS transmit power constraints was investigated, and the authors have shown that the system EE increases at the cost of the reduction of system throughput in the middle-high transmit power region. Motivated by these observations, in this letter we formulate a new WSRMax problem with additional per-cell EE and per-BS power constraints in the multicell multiuser MIMO system to achieve reasonable tradeoff between the SE and EE. The optimization problem is difficult to tackle due to its nonconvex nature. To address it, we first transform the new WSRMax problem into a weighted polynomial optimization problem by introducing some auxiliary variables. Then, a block coordinated ascent optimization algorithm is proposed to solve the equivalent problem by exploiting its concavity with respect to each optimization variable. The convergence of the developed method is also proved. Numerical results show that compared with the conventional WSRMax algorithm, our algorithm achieves a better system EE performance while fulfilling individual EE requirement of each cell, at the cost of a slight sum rate performance loss at a certain regime, and provides a new insight on the SE-EE tradeoff in wireless communication systems. \par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 \i0\b0\scaps {2}. System Model\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \scaps Consider a {{\i K}}-cell MU-MIMO downlink system where each cell includes one multiple antenna BS and a plurality of multiple antenna users. Without loss of generality, we denote the {{\i k}}-th user in cell {{\i j}} as User-{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i j}\\,{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and the BS in cell {{\i m}} as BS-{{\i m}}. BS-{{\i j}} is equipped with {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} transmit antennas and serves {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} users in cell {{\i j}}. User-{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i j}\\,{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is equipped with {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} antennas. The received signal of User-{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i j}\\,{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is then expressed as follows {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i y}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})= \\i \\su({\i m}=1,{\i K}, ){{\i H}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}) \\i \\su({\i n}=1,{\i I}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}}), ){{\i W}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i n}}){{\i x}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i n}})+{{\i z}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMEngergyEfficientContraint1}1{\*\bkmkend BMEngergyEfficientContraint1})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i H}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){\f5\u8712*}{{\i C}}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i N}\\s\\do4({\fs13 {\i j}\\,{\i k}}){\u215*}{\i M}\\s\\do4({\fs13 {\i m}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the flat fading channel coefficient between BS-{{\i m}} and User-{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i j}\\,{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, including both the large scale fading, shadow fading, and the small scale fading, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i W}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}}){\f5\u8712*}{{\i C}}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i M}\\s\\do4({\fs13 {\i j}}){\u215*}{\i d}\\s\\do4({\fs13 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the beamforming matrix for User-{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i j}\\,{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i x}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}}){\f5\u8712*}{{\i C}}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i d}\\s\\do4({\fs13 {\i j}\\,{\i k}}){\u215*}1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the information signal intended for User-{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i j}\\,{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
} with distribution {{\f4 {\i C}{\i N}}}{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({0}\\,{{\i I}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i d}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the number of the data streams for User-{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i j}\\,{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i z}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}}){\f5\u8712*}{{\i C}}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i N}\\s\\do4({\fs13 {\i j}\\,{\i k}}){\u215*}1})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the additive white Gaussian noise with distribution {{\f4 {\i C}{\i N}}}{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({0}\\,{\u963*}\\s\\up({\fs16 2,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i I}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. To consider the EE requirement of each cell or BS, the per-cell EE measure for cell-{{\i j}}, is first defined as{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs20{\cs62\super\chftn} We would like point out that the energy consumption generated by the cooperation between coordinated BS, such as backhaul and signal processing, is not taken into our current optimization problem. In the future work, we would like to further investigate the affect of them on the energy efficiency. }
 {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i f}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}}) \\b ({{\i W}})= \\F( \\i \\su({\i k}=1,{\i I}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}}), ){\u945*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}}){\i r}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}}),{\u982*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}}) \\i \\su({\i k}=1,{\i I}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}}), ){\i T}{\i r} \\b ({{\i W}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i W}}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i H},{\i j}\\,{\i k}}))+{\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}}){\i P}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i c}})+{\i P}\\s\\do5({\fs16 0}))\\,{\f5\u8704*}{\i j}\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMEngergyEfficientContraint2}2{\*\bkmkend BMEngergyEfficientContraint2})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps in terms of bit-per-Joule, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i T}{\i r} \\b ({{\i A}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the trace of matrix {{{\i A}}}, {{{\i W}}} denote the collection of all the precoders, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i P}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i c}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the constant circuit power consumption per antenna, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i P}\\s\\do5({\fs16 0})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is the basic power consumed at the BS independent of the number of transmit antennas\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TWCNg2012 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{6}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TWCNg2013 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{7}}}
], {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u982*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}}){\u8805*}1}}{\fldrslt }}
} is a constant which accounts for the inefficiency of the power amplifier of BS-{{\i j}}, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i r}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the instantaneous rate of User-{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i j}\\,{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and is calculated as\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TWCChristensen2008 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}
] {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i r}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})={\plain log} \\b \\lc\\|\\rc\\| ({{\i I}}+{{\i H}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i W}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i W}}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i H},{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i H}}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i H},{\i j}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i R}}\\s\\up({\fs16 \u8722?1,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}))\\,}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMEngergyEfficientContraint3}3{\*\bkmkend BMEngergyEfficientContraint3})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps in unit of Nat/s/Hz, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b \\lc\\|\\rc\\| ({{\i A}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the determinant of matrix {{{\i A}}}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i R}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the interference-plus-noise and is given by {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i R}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})= \\i \\su( \\b ({\i m}\\,{\i n}){\u8800*} \\b ({\i j}\\,{\i k}),, ){{\i H}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i W}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i n}}){{\i W}}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i H},{\i m}\\,{\i n}}){{\i H}}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i H},{\i m}\\,{\i j}{\i k}})+{\u963*}\\s\\up({\fs16 2,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i I}}.}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMEngergyEfficientContraint4}4{\*\bkmkend BMEngergyEfficientContraint4})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps The corresponding system EE can then be calculated as a weighted sum EE (WSEE) given by {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\i \\su({\i j}=1,{\i K}, ){\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}}){\i f}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}}) \\b ({{\i W}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the EE priority of BS-{{\i j}}. Different from the conventional WSRMax problem, here the per-cell EE constraints are also considered into the WSRMax optimization problem defined as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{split\} ... \\end\{split\}}]\par
}\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMEngergyEfficientContraint5}5{\*\bkmkend BMEngergyEfficientContraint5})}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i P}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is power constraint of BS-{{\i j}}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u945*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is used to denote different user rate priorities, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u951*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the target EE of BS-{{\i j}}, in unit of Nat/s/Joule. It is well known that the WSRMax problem is generally a difficult (in fact NP-hard) problem. Finding its global optimal usually requires extremely high computational complexity. With the newly introduced EE constraints, the problem\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint5 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}}) becomes more difficult. \par
\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 \i0\b0\scaps {3}. Solutions of Optimization Problems\par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb180 \fi0 \scaps A. MMSE Formulations and Problem Transformations\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \scaps We treat interference as noise and consider linear equalizer strategy so that the estimated signal is given by {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\f5\u770\'5e}{{\i x}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})={{\i U}}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i H},{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i y}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\f5\u8704*}{\i j},{\i k}}, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i U}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the receiver matrix at User-{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i j}\\,{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Then, the MSE of User-{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i j}\\,{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is calculated as\par
{\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{split\} ... \\end\{split\}}]\par
}\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMEngergyEfficientContraint7}6{\*\bkmkend BMEngergyEfficientContraint7})}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps where, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i J}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})= \\i \\su({\i m}=1,{\i K}, ) \\i \\su({\i n}=1,{\i I}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}}), ){{\i H}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i W}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i n}}){{\i W}}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i H},{\i m}\\,{\i n}}){{\i H}}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i H},{\i m}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}})+{\u963*}\\s\\up({\fs16 2,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i I}}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Fixing all the transmit beamformers and minimizing the MSE leads to the well-known MMSE receiver, i.e., {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i U}}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i o}{\i p}{\i t},{\i j}\\,{\i k}})={{\i J}}\\s\\up({\fs16 \u8722?1,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i H}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i W}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMEngergyEfficientContraint8}7{\*\bkmkend BMEngergyEfficientContraint8})}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps and the corresponding MMSE is calculated as {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i E}}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i m}{\i m}{\i s}{\i e},{\i j}\\,{\i k}})={{\i I}}\u8722?{{\i W}}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i H},{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i H}}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i H},{\i j}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i J}}\\s\\up({\fs16 \u8722?1,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i H}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){{\i W}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}}).}}{\fldrslt }}
\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMEngergyEfficientContraint9}8{\*\bkmkend BMEngergyEfficientContraint9})}\par
}{\pard\plain\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi300 \scaps   {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{split\} ... \\end\{split\}}]\par
}\tab{\b0 (\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps 14)}\par
}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi300 \scaps To solve the nonconvex WSRMax problem ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint5 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}}), here we transformed firstly it into an equivalent optimization problem that possesses some pleasant properties by exploiting the relations between the user rate and the MMSE\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TWCChristensen2008 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TSPShi2011 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}}
]. By introducing an auxiliary matrix {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i S}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}}){\f5\u8712*}{{\i C}}\\s\\up5({\fs16 {\i d}\\s\\do4({\fs13 {\i j}\\,{\i k}}){\u215*}{\i d}\\s\\do4({\fs13 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})})}}{\fldrslt }}
} for User-{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i j}\\,{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\f5\u8704*}{\i j},{\i k}}. Let {{{\i U}}} and {{{\i S}}} denote the collection of all receiver matrices and the collection of all auxiliary matrices, respectively. {\par
\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \scaps {\b Proposition 1} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMEngergyEfficientContraintPro01}{\*\bkmkend BMEngergyEfficientContraintPro01} The problem ({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint5 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}}) is equivalent to the following weighted sum MSE optimization problem with EE constraints.  {\par
\pard\plain\s12\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\tqc\tx3450\tqr\tx6900\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \tab
{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {}}{\fldrslt }}
\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{split\} ... \\end\{split\}}]\par
}\tab{\b0 ({\*\bkmkstart BMEngergyEfficientContraint10}9{\*\bkmkend BMEngergyEfficientContraint10})}}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i h}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}}) \\b ({{\i W}}\\,{{\i U}}\\,{{\i S}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i g}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}}) \\b ({{\i W}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} are respectively given by {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps0\i \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{subnumcases\} ... \\end\{subnumcases\}}]\par
}}}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \scaps \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}{\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \scaps {\b Proposition 2} {\i {\*\bkmkstart BMEngergyEfficientContraintPro02}{\*\bkmkend BMEngergyEfficientContraintPro02} For given {{{\i U}}} and {{{\i S}}}, problem\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint10 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{9}}}) with respect to {{{\i W}}} is equivalent to problem\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint14 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{14}}}), at the bottom of this page. }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \scaps \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \scaps Based on the Proposition\~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraintPro01 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}} and\~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraintPro02 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}}, problem\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint5 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}}) can be transformed into tractable problem\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint10 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{9}}}) which processes some pleasant properties. Furthermore, it is easily seen that problem\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint14 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{14}}}) is a classical SOCP problem that can be solved\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_BookBertsekas2003 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{12}}}
].\par
\pard\plain\s4\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 \scaps B. Algorithm Design\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \scaps In this subsection, we propose to an efficient algorithm to solve problem\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint10 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{9}}}) based on the block coordinate ascent method\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_BookBertsekas2003 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{12}}}
]. Specifically, the problem\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint10 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{9}}}) is solved by sequentially fixing two of the three variables {{{\i U}}}, {{{\i S}}}, {{{\i W}}}, and updating the third. For a given transmit precoding matrices {{{\i W}}}, the update of receive matrix {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i U}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is given by \~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint8 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{7}}}) and the update of the auxiliary weight matrix is given by\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint023 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{12}}}). Meanwhile, for a given {{{\i U}}} and {{{\i S}}}, the transmit precoders can be updated by solving problem\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint14 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{14}}}) with the SOCP method. Thus, an iterative optimization algorithm is summarized as Algorithm\~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEnergyEfficientAlgorithm_Solution \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}} to solve problem\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint10 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{9}}}). {\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{algorithm\} ... \\end\{algorithm\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \scaps {\b Remark:} Note that there also exists the feasibility issue in the optimization problem, which is similar to the power minimization problem subject to a given minimum target rate set in\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TWCDAhrouj2010 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{13}}}
]. Throughout this paper, we assume that the set of target EEs is feasible{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs20{\cs62\super\chftn} How to check the feasibility of the target EE is a hard work, here we only focus on finding a solution to the problem and would like to investigate the feasibility issue in our future work.}
. Let {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\x\\to( {\u951*}) \\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the EE of cell {{\i j}} achieved by the WSRMax algorithm. It is easy to see that problem\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint5 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}}) is equivalent to the WSRMax problem if {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\x\\to( {\u951*}) \\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}}){\u8805*}{\u951*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\f5\u8704*}{\i j}}. Otherwise, in order to improve the per-cell EE, we need to adjust the beamformers and power allocation that may result in the reduction of the SE and obtain then the tradeoff between the EE and SE. Interestingly, our simulation results show that for a feasible EE {{{\u951*}}}, solving our problem\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint5 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}}) usually yields that the achieved EE {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\u951*}}\\s\\up5({\fs16 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
} that satisfy the per-cell EE constraints, i.e., {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u951*}\\s\\up({\fs16 *,{\i j}}){\u8805*}{\u951*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})\\,{\f5\u8704*}{\i j}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. This means that in the box range {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ [{{\u951*}}\\,{{\u951*}}\\s\\up5({\fs16 *})]}}{\fldrslt }}
} the SE and EE both increase, while the SE will decrease when one further increases the EE over {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\u951*}}\\s\\up5({\fs16 *})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. Also, note that our proposed algorithm may obtain a suboptimal solution due to the nonconvex nature of the formulated problem. To the best our knowledge, how to obtain the optimal solution of problem\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint5 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{5}}}) is still an open problem. {\par
\pard\plain\s17\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \scaps {\b Lemma 1} {\i The sequence generated by Algorithm\~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEnergyEfficientAlgorithm_Solution \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}} guarantees to converge to a stationary point of problem\~({\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEngergyEfficientContraint10 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{9}}}). }\par
}{\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \scaps \qc [Sorry. Ignored {\plain\f3\\begin\{proof\} ... \\end\{proof\}}]\par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi0 \i0\b0\scaps {4}. Simulation Results\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \scaps In this section, the performance of the proposed multicell beamforming scheme is investigated via numerical simulations. We consider a cooperative cluster of {{\i K}=3} hexagonal adjacent cells each consisting of one BS and multiple users. The cell radius is set to be {500}-m and each user locates randomly at the cell edge (each user has a least {400}-m distance from its serving BS in our simulation settings). The circuit power per antenna is {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i P}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i c}})=30}}{\fldrslt }}
} dBm, and the basic power consumed at the BS is {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i P}\\s\\do5({\fs16 0})=40}}{\fldrslt }}
} dBm\~
[{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BIB_TWCNg2013 \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{7}}}
]. The flat fading channel matrix {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i H}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} from BS-{{\i m}} to User-{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i j}\\,{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
} is generated based on {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i H}}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}){\u8796*} \\R(,{\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}})){{\i H}}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i w},{\i m}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {{\i H}}\\s\\up({\fs16 {\i w},{\i m}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the small scale fading channel matrix whose entries follow independent and identical Gaussian distributions with zero mean and unit covariance, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the large scale fading factor which in decibels is given as {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ 10{\plain log}\\s\\do5({\fs16 10})({\u920*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}))=\u8722?38{\plain log}\\s\\do5({\fs16 10})({\i d}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}}))\u8722?34.5+{\u951*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, where {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i d}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} denotes the distance between BS-{{\i m}} and User-{{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ  \\b ({\i j}\\,{\i k})}}{\fldrslt }}
} in unit of meter, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u951*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i m}\\,{\i j}\\,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} represents the log-normal shadow fading with zero mean and standard deviation {8} dB. We assume that the cell BSs use the same EE theshold {{\u951*}}. The transmit power budget is set to {{\i P}} for each BS and the SNR in simulations is defined as the transmit power in decibel, i.e., {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ \i0\scaps0\b0\f0 {SNR}=10{\plain log}\\s\\do5({\fs16 10})\i0\scaps0\b0\f0 {P}}}{\fldrslt }}
}. The weighted factors {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u945*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}, and {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\u982*}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} are unity for {{\f5\u8704*}{\i j},{\i k}}. The convergence threshold {{\u958*}} is set to be {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ 10\\s\\up5({\fs16 \u8722?3})}}{\fldrslt }}
}.\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \fi300 \scaps Fig.\~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMConvergenceTrajectory \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}} shows the convergence trajectory of the proposed algorithm over a few random channel realizations with random initializing beamforming matrices, where {{\u951*}=0.02} bit/s/Joule. One can observe that Algorithm\~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEnergyEfficientAlgorithm_Solution \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}} converges rapidly to stationary point with about {6\u8722?7} iterations and a monotonic nondecreasing sequence is generated by Algorithm\~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEnergyEfficientAlgorithm_Solution \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}}. {\par
\pard\plain\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi300 \scaps \par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps {flushleft}  [###ConvergenceTrajectory.eps###]\par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps {Figure {\*\bkmkstart BMConvergenceTrajectory}1{\*\bkmkend BMConvergenceTrajectory}: The Convergence Trajectory of Algorithm\~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEnergyEfficientAlgorithm_Solution \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})=4}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})={\i d}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})=1}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})=2}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\f5\u8704*}{\i j},{\i k}}.}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "1 The Convergence Trajectory of Algorithm\~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEnergyEfficientAlgorithm_Solution \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})=4}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})={\i d}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})=1}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})=2}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\f5\u8704*}{\i j},{\i k}}." \\f f}{\fldrslt }}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi300 \scaps Fig.\~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEnergyEfficientVaryPower \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{2}}} displays the average sum rate performance and the average system EE performance of the proposed algorithm and the conventional WSRMax algorithm that considers only the transmit power constraints over {1000} random channel realizations. The per-cell EE target value is set to be the ratio of the per-cell weighted sum rate to the per-cell power consumption needed to achieve {80%} ({90%}) of the rate obtained by the WSRMax algorithm{\cs62\super\chftn}
{\*\footnote\pard \s65\ql\fi-113\li397\lin397\f0\fs20{\cs62\super\chftn} For a given set of target rate requirements, the beamformer initialization can be realized by solving a power minimization problem subject to the target user rate requirements and per-BS power constraints.}
. It can be seen that the two algorithms achieve the same sum rate and EE performance in the lower transmit power region due to the small EE target requirements. While in the middle-high transmit power region, compared with the conventional WSRMax algorithm, our proposed algorithm obtain an apparent EE performance gain up to {36.01%} ({20.18%}), at the cost of a moderate sum rate loss up to {16.76%} ({8.35%}). It indicates that our algorithm achieves the SE-EE tradeoff with an acceptable SE loss but guaranteeing a certain EE target demand and improving the EE performance. {\par
\pard\plain\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi300 \scaps \par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps {flushleft}  [###EnergyEfficientVaryPower.eps###]\par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps {Figure {\*\bkmkstart BMEnergyEfficientVaryPower}2{\*\bkmkend BMEnergyEfficientVaryPower}: The Performance Analysis of Algorithm\~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEnergyEfficientAlgorithm_Solution \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}} and WSRMax Algorithm, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})=4}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})={\i d}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})=1}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})=2}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\f5\u8704*}{\i j},{\i k}}.}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "2 The Performance Analysis of Algorithm\~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEnergyEfficientAlgorithm_Solution \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}} and WSRMax Algorithm, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})=4}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})={\i d}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})=1}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})=2}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\f5\u8704*}{\i j},{\i k}}." \\f f}{\fldrslt }}\par
}\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi300 \scaps Fig.\~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEnergyEfficientVaryAntenna \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{3}}} illustrates the average sum rate performance and the average system EE performance of the proposed algorithm and the conventional WSRMax algorithm over {1000} random channel realizations. It can be seen that the EE performances of the proposed algorithm and the WSRMax algorithm increases with the number of transmit antennas {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
}. However, when {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})>16\\,{\f5\u8704*}{\i j}}}{\fldrslt }}
}, the EE and SE performances of the proposed algorithm and the WSRMax algorithm decreases when the number of transmit antennas {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} increases. This is becausethe circuit power consumption {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}}){\i P}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i c}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} also increases rapidly when the number of transmit antenna {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i M}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})}}{\fldrslt }}
} increases. It means that there is an optimal number of transmit antennas when the numbers of served user, receiver antennas and data streams are fixed, for example the optimal number of per-BS transmit antennas in our system model is {16}. {\par
\pard\plain\s31\qc\sb120\sa0\keep\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb240 \fi300 \scaps \par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps {flushleft}  [###EnergyEfficientVaryAntenna.eps###]\par
\pard\plain\s9\qc\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps \par
\pard\plain\s30\ql\sb120\sa120\keep\widctlpar\f0\sl240\slmult1 \fi0 \scaps {Figure {\*\bkmkstart BMEnergyEfficientVaryAntenna}3{\*\bkmkend BMEnergyEfficientVaryAntenna}: The Performance Analysis of Algorithm\~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEnergyEfficientAlgorithm_Solution \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}} and WSRMax Algorithm, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})={\i d}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})=1}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})=2}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\f5\u8704*}{\i j},{\i k}}.}{\field{\*\fldinst TC "3 The Performance Analysis of Algorithm\~{\field{\*\fldinst{\lang1024 REF BMEnergyEfficientAlgorithm_Solution \\* MERGEFORMAT }}{\fldrslt{1}}} and WSRMax Algorithm, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i N}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})={\i d}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}\\,{\i k}})=1}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\field{\*\fldinst{ EQ {\i I}\\s\\do5({\fs16 {\i j}})=2}}{\fldrslt }}
}, {{\f5\u8704*}{\i j},{\i k}}." \\f f}{\fldrslt }}\par
}\pard\plain\s3\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb480 \fi0 \i0\b0\scaps {5}. Conclusions\par
\pard\plain\s0\qj\widctlpar\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \fi0 \scaps In this letter, a new WSRMax problem with EE constraints was investigated to consider the performance metrics of both the SE and EE. To find the solution of this nonconvex problem, we first transformed it into a weighted polynomial optimization problem by introducing some auxiliary variables. Then, an optimization algorithm with the provable convergence was proposed by exploiting the concave nature of the equivalent problem with respect to each optimization variable. Numerical results were finally provided to verify the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm in terms of both the SE and EE performances.\par
{\fs12 {\pard\plain\s61\ql\sb240\sa120\keepn\f0\b\fs32\sl240\slmult1 \sb120 \fi0 \fs12 \scaps {\plain\b\fs32 References}\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \sb60 \li450\fi0 \fs12 \scaps [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_MagRusek2013}1{\*\bkmkend BIB_MagRusek2013}]\tab
F. Rusek, D. Persson, B. Lau, E. Larsson, T. Marzetta, O. Edfors, and F. Tufesson \ldblquote Scaling up MIMO: Opportunities and challenges with very lare arrays," {\i0\b0\scaps0 IEEE Sig. Proc. Mag.,} pp. 40-60, Jan. 2013. \par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 \fs12 \scaps [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TWCChristensen2008}2{\*\bkmkend BIB_TWCChristensen2008}]\tab
S. Christensen, R. Agarwal, E. Carvalho, and J. Cioffi, \ldblquote Weighted sum rate maximization using weighted MMSE for MIMO-BC beamforming design," {\i0\b0\scaps0 IEEE Trans. Wireless Commun.,} vol. 7, no. 12, pp. 4792-4799, 2008. \par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 \fs12 \scaps [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TSPShi2011}3{\*\bkmkend BIB_TSPShi2011}]\tab
Q. Shi, M. Razaviyayn, Z. Luo, and C. He, \ldblquote An iteratively weighted MMSE approach to distributed sum-utility maximization for a MIMO interfering broadcast channel," {\i0\b0\scaps0 IEEE Trans. Sig. Proc.}, vol. 59, no.9, pp. 4331-4340, Sep. 2011.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 \fs12 \scaps [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TSPWeerad2013}4{\*\bkmkend BIB_TSPWeerad2013}]\tab
P. Weeraddana, M. Codreanu, M. Latva-aho, and A. Ephremides, \ldblquote Multicell MISO downlink weighted sum-rate maximization: a distributed approach," {\i0\b0\scaps0 IEEE Trans. Sig. Proc.,} vol. 61, no. 3, pp. 556-570, Feb. 2013.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 \fs12 \scaps [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_SurverFeng2013}5{\*\bkmkend BIB_SurverFeng2013}]\tab
D. Feng, C. Jiang, G. Lim, L. Cimini, Jr., G. Feng, and G. Li, \ldblquote A survey of energy-efficient wireless communications," {\i0\b0\scaps0 IEEE Commun. Surveys & Tutorials,} vol. 15, no. 1, pp. 167-178, First Quar. 2013. \par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 \fs12 \scaps [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TWCNg2012}6{\*\bkmkend BIB_TWCNg2012}]\tab
D. Ng, E. Lo, and R. Schober, \ldblquote Energy-efficient resource allocation in multi-cell OFDMA systems with limited backhaul capacity," {\i0\b0\scaps0 IEEE Trans. Wireless Commun.}, vol. 11, no. 10, pp. 3618-3631, Oct. 2012. \par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 \fs12 \scaps [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TWCNg2013}7{\*\bkmkend BIB_TWCNg2013}]\tab
D. Ng, E. Lo, and R. Schober, \ldblquote Energy-efficient resource allocation in OFDMA systems with hybrid energy harvesting base station," {\i0\b0\scaps0 IEEE Trans. Wireless Commun.}, vol. 12, no. 7, pp. 3412-3427, Jul. 2013. \par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 \fs12 \scaps [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_ICCPrabu2010}8{\*\bkmkend BIB_ICCPrabu2010}]\tab
R. Prabhu, B. Daneshrad, \ldblquote An energy-efficient water-filling algorithm for OFDM systems," {\i0\b0\scaps0 IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC),} pp. 1-5, 23-27, May 2010. \par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 \fs12 \scaps [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_PIMRCLi2013}9{\*\bkmkend BIB_PIMRCLi2013}]\tab
Y. Li, Y. Tian, and C. Yang, \ldblquote Energy-efficient coordinated beamforming with individual data rate constraints," in {\i0\b0\scaps0 Proceedings of PIMRC.}, Sep. 8-11, 2013. \par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 \fs12 \scaps [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TWCXiong2013}10{\*\bkmkend BIB_TWCXiong2013}]\tab
C. Xiong, G. Li, Y. Liu, Y. Chen, and S. Xu, \ldblquote Energy-efficient design for downlink OFDMA with delay-sensitive traffic," {\i0\b0\scaps0 IEEE Trans. Wireless Commun.}, vol. 12, no. 6, pp. 3085-3095, Jun. 2013. \par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 \fs12 \scaps [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TCOMHe2013}11{\*\bkmkend BIB_TCOMHe2013}]\tab
S. He, Y. Huang, S. Jin, and L. Yang, \ldblquote Coordinated beamforming for energy efficient transmission in multicell multiuser systems," arXiv preprint arXive: 1310.2037, 2013. \par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 \fs12 \scaps [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_BookBertsekas2003}12{\*\bkmkend BIB_BookBertsekas2003}]\tab
D. Bertsekas, Nonlinear Programming, 2nd ed. Belmont, Mass.: Athena Scientific, 2003.\par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 \fs12 \scaps [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_TWCDAhrouj2010}13{\*\bkmkend BIB_TWCDAhrouj2010}]\tab
H. Dahrouj and W. Yu, \ldblquote Coordinated beamforming for the multicell multi-antenna wireless system," {\i0\b0\scaps0 IEEE Trans. Wireless Commun.,} vol. 9, no. 5, pp. 1748-1759, May 2010. \par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 \fs12 \scaps [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_SIAMSolodov1998}14{\*\bkmkend BIB_SIAMSolodov1998}]\tab
M. Solodov, \ldblquote On the convergence of constrained parallel variable distribution algorithm," {\i0\b0\scaps0 SIAM J. Optim.,} vol. 8, no. 1, pp. 187-196, Feb. 1998. \par
\pard\plain\s62\ql\fi-567\li567\sb0\sa0\f0\fs20\sl240\slmult1 \li450\fi0 \fs12 \scaps [{\v\*\bkmkstart BIB_Bibby1974}15{\*\bkmkend BIB_Bibby1974}]\tab
J. Bibby, \ldblquote Axiomatisations of the average and a further generalisation of monotonic sequences," {\i0\b0\scaps0 Glasgow Mathematical Journal}, vol. 15, pp. 63-65, 1974. \par
}}}}
